diff
The diff command is used to detect
differences between files,
similar to the comm command.
However, diff is much more complex
and supports many output formats.
Two of the most popular formats
include the context format
and the unified format.
To display results in context format,
use the -c option.
This output uses the “-” indicator
to show that the line appears in
the first file,
but not in the second.
Conversely, the “+” indicator shows that
the line appears in the second file,
but not in the first.
Now let’s see what the unified
format returns.
The most notable difference
between these formats
is that the unified format does not
show lines that match between files,
making the results shorter.
The indicators, however, have
identical meaning in both formats.